c:\users\didon\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\bin\Debug\WpfApplication1.exe.config
c:\users\didon\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\bin\Debug\WpfApplication1.exe
c:\users\didon\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\bin\Debug\WpfApplication1.pdb
c:\users\didon\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\Debug\WpfApplication1.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\didon\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\didon\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\didon\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\Debug\WpfApplication1_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\didon\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\didon\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\Debug\WpfApplication1.g.resources
c:\users\didon\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\Debug\WpfApplication1.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\didon\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\Debug\WpfApplication1.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\didon\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\Debug\WpfApplication1.exe
c:\users\didon\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\Debug\WpfApplication1.pdb
c:\users\didon\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\bin\Debug\Xceed.Wpf.AvalonDock.dll
c:\users\didon\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\bin\Debug\Xceed.Wpf.AvalonDock.Themes.Aero.dll
c:\users\didon\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\bin\Debug\Xceed.Wpf.AvalonDock.Themes.Metro.dll
c:\users\didon\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\bin\Debug\Xceed.Wpf.AvalonDock.Themes.VS2010.dll
c:\users\didon\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\bin\Debug\Xceed.Wpf.DataGrid.dll
c:\users\didon\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\bin\Debug\Xceed.Wpf.Toolkit.dll
c:\users\didon\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\bin\Debug\de\Xceed.Wpf.AvalonDock.resources.dll
c:\users\didon\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\bin\Debug\es\Xceed.Wpf.AvalonDock.resources.dll
c:\users\didon\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\bin\Debug\fr\Xceed.Wpf.AvalonDock.resources.dll
c:\users\didon\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\bin\Debug\hu\Xceed.Wpf.AvalonDock.resources.dll
c:\users\didon\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\bin\Debug\it\Xceed.Wpf.AvalonDock.resources.dll
c:\users\didon\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\bin\Debug\pt-BR\Xceed.Wpf.AvalonDock.resources.dll
c:\users\didon\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\bin\Debug\ro\Xceed.Wpf.AvalonDock.resources.dll
c:\users\didon\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\bin\Debug\ru\Xceed.Wpf.AvalonDock.resources.dll
c:\users\didon\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\bin\Debug\sv\Xceed.Wpf.AvalonDock.resources.dll
c:\users\didon\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\bin\Debug\zh-Hans\Xceed.Wpf.AvalonDock.resources.dll
C:\Users\didon\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\Debug\GeneratedInternalTypeHelper.g.cs
C:\Users\didon\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\Debug\WpfApplication1_MarkupCompile.lref
